I'm here with the globe I'm writing an
article on an operation Goliath you can
either tell me what really happened
or you can squander this precious
opportunity I'd be very careful before I
print anything about this case or what
don't want you to get hurt operation is
a national scandal the police secret
restricted by access can't publish this
it could we'll open our face I'm writing
my article you can put on the front page
or not don't light the fuse
[Applause]
don't use time you just drop it no I'm
not gonna drop it I went out little late
for that if what really happened here
reaches the public
[Music]
[Applause]
what citizen is gonna be executed
one of them do thing about it government
abandoned my supposed to leave him out
there to rot
[Music]
you